# GPU compute market for visual computing and federated AI

The Visual Computing market was valued at over USD 36.5 billion in 2023 and is projected to grow at a CAGR of more than 23\% from 2024 to 2032. A significant trend within this market is the rise of cloud-based rendering services, which offer substantial benefits to designers, content producers, and businesses alike [[25]](/inferix-whitepaper/references.md#25). The global federated learning market was valued at USD 110.82 million in 2021 and is expected to grow at a CAGR 10.7\% during the forecast period 2022-2030 [[26]](/inferix-whitepaper/references.md#26).

There are approximately 4 million graphic designers working globally, generating an average of about 1.4 billion rendering tasks per year. Traditional 3D graphic design applications such as Blender, SketchUp, 3ds Max, Maya, Cinema 4D, House3D, Actif3D... all require rendering operations to produce images or videos that accurately simulate spaces, characters, animations, and materials as they are designed. Currently, designers using these software tools often need high-end PCs with expensive GPUs. For example, an interior designer often uses a computer worth around 2000\$. Each 3D video rendering process usually takes several hours. In terms of software, aside from investing in 3D modeling software, users also need to use a specialized software called a rendering engine, such as VRay (paid) or Blender Cycles (free).

There is currently only one decentralized rendering solution on the market, which serves as a competitor to Inferix. However, this solution requires users to utilize a proprietary rendering engine developed by them, which comes with a significant licensing fee.
 
With Inferix, users simply need to install a plugin into their preferred 3D software to access a crowdsourced GPU network, allowing them to submit rendering requests with ease. This approach significantly reduces rendering time compared to using a standard PC and offers substantial cost savings compared to traditional render farm services on the market.